Documentation: Add an example scenario that shows outer-delegation (#121)
nnstreamer/nnstreamer-android: documentation/getting_started.md

$ mv tok4096.bin nnstreamer-android/ml_inference_offloading/src/main/assets/models/tokenizer.bin
```

> We provide example llama2.c [configuration file](/documentation/example_conf/llama2c.conf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide llama2.c as an example [configuration file](/documentation/example_conf/llama2c.conf).
```

> To use it, copy the configuration file to assets repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, copy the configuration file to the assets directory.
```

```bash
$ cp documentation/example_conf/llama2c.conf ml_inference_offloading/src/main/assets/models
```

##### Building the llama2.c for Android

> To build application with llama2.c, you need to enable llama2c option in the [gradle.properties](/gradle.properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the application with llama2.c, you need to indicate the directory where llama2.c is placed via the ```dir.llama2c``` property in the [gradle.properties](/gradle.properties).
```

After changing the screen, you can see the **Camera Preview** and the real-time object classification result above the preview box as shown below.

![Android example](img/A-34-arm64_VisionEx0.png)

#### Handling ML Computation Delegation Requests from the Android Components in the Other package

> The MLAgent can handle the ML Computation from the other package. The following code should be added to the other package's `AndroidManifest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MLAgent can handle the delegation requests from the other package. The following code should be added to the other package's `AndroidManifest.xml`.
```

for [package visibility](https://developer.android.com/training/package-visibility/declaring).

```xml
<manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools">
    <queries>
        <package android:name="ai.nnstreamer.ml.inference.offloading" />
        <package android:name="ai.nnstreamer.ml.inference.offloading.MainService" />
    </queries>
    ...
</manifest>
```

We are providing a simple example application that demonstrates this scenario. This example sends an input prompt to the MLAgent
and retrieves the generated output text using the llama2 model.

To receive auto-generated text by llama2 model, 1) enter the beginning of the sentence and 2) press the `Run llama2` button.

![Android example](img/A-34-arm64_LlamaEx0.jpeg)

> If you want to build this example, you can follow [the guide](https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-example/tree/doc/android/kotlin_app#android-application-examples-using-mlops-solution).

Author: This guide is under revewing
https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-example/pull/362
